Training hard by Lee Daming.
It is Saturday tomorrow, but I am going to school.
I am not going for lessons, but to play football.
I am in our school team, and we are going to play against another school next week.
The practice starts at 10am.
We all arrive as early as we can, so that we have time to warm up.
We are training harder than usual because the other team beat us last year.
This year we want to do better.
It is more difficult to practice in winter because the days are short and the weather is
cold too.
It gets dark earlier, so it is important not to be late for after school practice.
Our coach is pleased because we are playing better as a team now.
Last year we were sometimes careless when we passed the ball and we lost to the other
team in the final match.
What a pity.
This year we are training more carefully.
That means we have a better chance of winning.
The fan club has fewer people this year.
We hope to play well so that we have more fans to watch the matches.
It is good to have our fans around.
It's always a cheer us on loudly and we feel more confident to win the game.